Business Requiremnt Specification
Author: 
Title:Online Job Portal  of Customer Relationship Manager.
Stakeholders:
	 Doctor’s Community
      	 Hospital
         Poly clinics
 	 Medicine Vendors and Testing Labs
  	 Medical Association of India


 
Document generated with the help of  series of meetings  held 
between stake holders, Domain Experts, Business Analysts
First Draft : 21/06/2023
Revised Draft: 21/06/2023

Explain about current businss of  Jay Malhar Nurses Bureau 
Jay Malhar Nurses Bureau situated at Undri, Pune, Maharashtra, provide expertise nursing care by our qualified and trained care takers. We are well known for excellent care and personal tailored service, which strives to meet our clients requirements perfectly. Our trained nurses provide high-end quality care to patients at home. We are here for you and your family during life’s most challenging moments.

Today, after more than four decades of successful operation, Jay Malhar Nurses Bureau  has become a trusted name and synonymous with quality Nursing. We have grown from one showroom into a chain of showrooms across western region at prominent location in the city of Pune, Surat & Ahmedabad other than Mumbai, in northern region at Delhi, Haryana & Noida.

Jay Malhar Nurses Bureau want to expand their platform all over world using  internet. Jay Malhar Nurses Bureau  wants to develop :
Doctor’s Appointment System is the public web application used for one specific hospital.
There are mainly three types of user.
Admin will be able to register a new (recruited) doctor into the hospital system and will 
have access to all the details regarding appointment booking and patients taking 
treatment in the hospital.
Patients can search and book appointments.
Already registered patients can view further schedule, records, all related information 
regarding his/her treatment.
Doctor’s can provide prescriptions to the consulting patients regarding medicines, lab tests, operations etc.